UDX-228: Update 'Writing Your First End-to-End Test' to use 'Create new empty spec' (#4525)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: content/guides/end-to-end-testing/writing-your-first-end-to-end-test.md

Assuming you've successfully
[installed the Cypress App](/guides/getting-started/installing-cypress) and
[opened the Cypress app](/guides/getting-started/opening-the-app), now it's time
to add your first test. We're going to do this with the <strong>Create new empty
spec</strong> button in the Cypress App.

<DocsImage src="/img/guides/end-to-end-testing/writing-your-first-end-to-end-test/create-new-empty-spec.png" alt="The Cypress App with the Create new empty spec button highlighted"></DocsImage>

On clicking it, you should see a dialog where you can enter the name of your new
spec. Just accept the default name for now.

<DocsImage src="/img/guides/end-to-end-testing/writing-your-first-end-to-end-test/enter-path-for-new-spec.png" alt="The new spec path dialog"></DocsImage>

The newly-generated spec is displayed in a confirmation dialog. Just go ahead
and close it with the ✕ button.

<DocsImage src="/img/guides/end-to-end-testing/writing-your-first-end-to-end-test/new-spec-added-confirmation.png" alt="The new spec confirmation dialog"></DocsImage>

Once we've created that file, you should see the Cypress App immediately display

> it in the list of Integration Tests. Cypress monitors your spec files for any

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it in the list of E2E Tests. Cypress monitors your spec files for any
```

> it in the list of Integration Tests. Cypress monitors your spec files for any
> changes and automatically displays any changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it in the list of E2E Tests. Cypress monitors your spec files and automatically displays any changes.
```
